many of these families have been
displaced more than once after Israeli
evacuation orders they're looking for
somewhere else to
shelter Israel says it's designated an
area west of K yunes as a humanitarian
Zone but Palestinians say nowhere is
safe at the moment we don't know where
to go we are just heading west towards
al- maasi in Khan yunes I don't have a
spefic specific place to stay but we
hope God will ease things on us we are a
family of seven and if we don't find a
shelter we will stay in the street we
pray for peace and we hope this war will
end
soon doctors have been forced to abandon
the Gaza European Hospital one of the
last functioning medical facilities in
car unes it's put patients and displaced
Palestinians Sheltering there at risk
moving them out is extraordinarily
difficult
uh because access to transport is uh is
extraordinar expensive given the price
of fuel at the moment due to access
issues uh but also because of the
injuries that sustained in The Chronic
long-term nature um of these injuries
mobilizing is nigh on Impossible uh and
transporting these patients out using
ambulance uh means is is just impossible
as
well those who can crowd onto Vehicles
as they leave their homes they don't
know what they'll eat or where they'll
sleep as they travel into the unknown in
the uncertainty Palestinians are
determined to
survive Barbara Anga Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer